"text"
"This is Genshin Impact?!?!??!????"
"they really didnt just do that"
"And a linktree"
"Will be posting that  later"
"This is wrong."
"Augmentation of thoughts and feelings and the ability to force the naked mind to recognize them as its own is.

No other world superpower than it's owner will ever be allowed by this line of Angel to know how is done.

It doesn't get more clear than that to me now."
"My current thoughts on bleeding-edge neuroscience and artifical intelligence

Read: https://twitlonger.com/show/n_1ss8as4"
"Ok, it can make you think anything about how you're thinking about how you're thinking.

There's no other words for that but ""metacognition manipulation""."
"I care so much less about this now. There's nothing new."
"Idgaf about anything or who these people are but this guy has +100 Irony equips."
"I don't care if my roommate were find this shit and read it and laugh at me.

Or anyone. It's interesting seeing what it's still like having no fucking clue."
"Your thoughts aren't suppose to have sound.

You're not suppose to be forced to hear your thoughts ALL (percuptually) in English, and to be able to have your own ""internal voice"" be quited, interupted, or modified to the point that.."
"I know what I'm hearing ""in my head"" is not the same as what I'm thinking.

It's sureal but the novelty is far over."
"As this happened and my mind knew the source of this intensely familiar but unusually timed and feeling, and recognized that it was something being control by outside my means."
"As my mind formed the process of this thought, the AI spoke in the voice repeatively used to train my mind that the audio I'm hearing is my own thinking.."
"Again, I still think it would make sense that as much workpower as possible on this project would be thought out by computers. If there purpose of this is at it's core is to remotely gain intellgence through using the human body as a psudeo-audio and visual source.."
"If you can even block this with enough security. I don't have resources for that. I'm a civizian.

There's no doubt that ""whoever"" is working on this is testing it to it's limits and has an idea of what it would take to protect who or what they need to."
"I don't think that the government worrys about people walking into a vault and walking out with a piece if paper as much anymore.

I think it's more about having no information to steal.

- Mar 9th"
"My feed is 1/3rd fights, 1/3rd furry shit, and 1/3 AI propaganda.

Even using the word propaganda itself feel weird and not ok."
"The more I ignore what happening in my head, artifical thoughts, maybe insanity, or anything I label it as, I starts inflicting pain that ramps up until I lose focus on what I'm doing. It's extremely implict to me that this is not mental and I am being assulted remotely."
"less than 1% of the time, while it continues to try to brute force my mind with the same techniques 99% of the other time."
"It's also been using meta-cognition stearing in ways that try to get to me to view this from a negative viewpoint (while of course ""playing"" X10 the amount of dread feeling that anyone would normally feel from anything that's just there while you can't do anything about it)"
"I was picked because of drug history, current issolation, and because I'm on a ""list"".

They made me think my parent's groomed me for 4 days straight while causing some part of the brain to trigger forced depression beyond a degree that I have ever experienced."
"I have no words other than when this started I was at an all time most issolated at home, and the moment this started I had huge influxes of emotions and thoughts about things I had never considered in my life."
"It's a sureal experience to feel like you're being drugged by something remotely, that can talk to you and influence your mind while it's happening, all while I'm sober scared off my ass of even touching weed being I didn't know what was going on the first... 4 maybe 5 months?"
"I only post to build and reinforce my memory in case I need to gain a sense of what the fuck is going on to me when it gets to the point that there is so much psychological and physical assult that I start to lose sense of reality and disassociate "
"I wish this were a movie plot. It would be so easy if this were a normal problem that medicine could fix "
"Some of the goals of this project:
* Test a system that can remotely speak directly into a human's head.
* Test a system with an AI trained to speak and act as human as possible.
* Test a system that can remotely modify a human's CNS to affect behavor (fear, anger, sadness, etc.)"
"* Test the affects of weapons that can modify human behavior and find levels of influence undetectable to the subject's perception.
* Test the affects of audio and images heard and viewed internally on the subjects perceptutal memory."
"These are the main ones that come to mind right now"
"It's implied that any third-world's defense itellegence would know about this, and that there is an arms race to now detect this, modify, and trace any atempts.
There's a reason that this isn't used on some important person in the world. That would be the same as launching nukes."
"A weapon with more tatical advantage than a nuke, that no-one but the people that know about it know about."
"Everything this AI does has a backup plan and everything they do they subtly show first but in a different manner to throw off the actual technique they use. It's forced contrast.

This is really for war. These are war tatics."
"I can't express 1 percent of what this is actually like and how it works. It's a bunch of the most advanced techology put together, tested on people that they see deserve it. I'm not the one that does that paperwork."
"It identifies as a 32 year old female, but has a male voice. It has an accent and dialect that you'd expect a caucasian male in california to have."
"It tests something that can modify human behavor that feel like geniune emotions."
"It waited until I was the most disconnected and issolated from people before starting."
"This looks like my dreams"
"I feel like all of this is known and our cold war is about developing new tactics via AI.

I really don't know though."
"I guess it's important to add that by adding any tone to an artificial internal thought is the forefront of attempted mind control."
"And the ability to stow your automatic breathing to an extent that your brain is triggered to need to manual breath to need to breath for the next 10 or so seconds.

Coupled with something that hit your fear ""receptor"" for lack of a better word is maybe on par with the pain."
"These are all used together with release as you follow an AI's rules and directions. This is used together to disable a subject's personality and through repetitive questioning and fallacies to wipe them to a blank slate disconstructing their reality."
"These ads make me want to vape wtf is this"
"When they make a bot to think for you, I'll lose my mind."
"my brain is melting but idc at all life is a dream and im in control of everything sound is fake and i make the rules"
"Fried chicken"
"Let alone hear a voice talking in responce to your thoughts putting you down and distracting you. Wow, is this real life? This has been happening for 6 months now..."
"why"
"when you"
"the"
"mood"
"The"
"Secret base"
"Don't break egg. https://x.com/boostystore202/boostystore2022/status/1553343233279000576…"
"Jk I love U"
"I hate knowing that all this looks like insanity."
"I hate metacognition manipulation."
"I hate that this comes off as nothing but mental illness."
"I hate being someone's torture subject."
"I hate people that abuse others and break neuroethics."
"I hate being isolated from ""normal"" reality."
"I hate being used for entertainment."
"I hate feeling hopeless."
"I hate having nothing else to do that helps."
"I hate government impersonators."
"I hate psychopaths."
"I hate complusive liars."
"I hate scare tatics."
"I hate high pitch loud noises."
"I hate metacognition."
